c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\Events.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\Events.Tests.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\Events.Tests.pdb
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\Events.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\Events.pdb
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\obj\Debug\Events.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\obj\Debug\Events.Tests.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\obj\Debug\Events.Tests.pdb
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\bruce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Events\Events.Tests\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
